Hey,
what's going on?
It's Filburn burn.
It's the Monday morning podcasts from Monday,
uh,
December 2nd,
2013 t when the boat hits your eye like a big pizza pie.
That's,
Oh,
are they?
When a man,
a guy have Rigatoni on the sly,
that's a mornay and I ain't on that fucking song goes
one man is not supposed to lay down with another man.
How dare you say that?
So close to the Vatican.
Ciao Bella.
God.
See player goes Si.
Perfecto.
Coma.
Say Go.
Como Se deed shit.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Hey,
this is bill burr.
I'm on.
I'm over here in Rome,
Italy.
And um,
once again,
my fucking mix.
For some reason it doesn't work over here.
And what I'm starting to think is that,
you know,
when I was in Australia,
I just plugged it right into the wall and that was the end of that.
It had no,
uh,
no,
I was going to say surcharge,
no circuit breaker.
It didn't have,
it wasn't a hurricane ready basically,
and it got blown over.
But this time I actually got the little adapter or the converter or whatever the
fuck it is.
Adapter,
I guess.
And it still isn't working.
So we are,
I am here.
I sit trying to hold my hand steady is,
I talked directly into my record.
Um,
all right.
I don't know what the levels of like,
I don't have a mixer.
It's going to be a fucking cluster.
Fuck.
So there you go.
All right.
By the way,
somebody sent me some stupid tweet going,
you know,
Bill,
when you don't care,
we don't care.
Just always remember that.
Like,
I didn't know what the fuck that means.
But what do you mean we don't care?
What is the we in that statement?
Uh Huh.
What you and all the voices in your fucking head.
Stop acting like you're running a union.
All right.
If you don't like my fucking podcast,
believe me,
there's plenty of other selections here on the all things comedy network.
Oh,
he slips in a plug.
Yes.
Listen to the echo of this fucking room here.
Um,
yeah,
so I'm in Rome,
Italy,
and um,
it is totally lived up to the hype.
It's been absolutely freaking amazing.
Ollie,
I got Pete's had coming out of my folk in age,
I had the worst heartburn last night.
I ate two pizzas yesterday,
like both within like two hours.
Like that's how good the pizza is over here and like a fucking camel drinking
water.
I know that eventually I'm not going to be here at the source of the greatest
pizza on the fucking planet and then I'm going to go out to the Los Angeles,
arguably the anti source of the greatest pizza on the planet.
So I'm trying stock up all of those memories.
And um,
yeah,
the food has just been outstanding here,
but you know,
just like any place,
there's always people living off the legend.
So you really have to,
you know,
you gotta ask around is what I did.
And when you ask,
where's a good place to get pizza,
you don't do it standing outside the fucking coliseum or down there at the
Vatican or the lean in tower of fucking beach.
Right.
You don't cause you're just going to run into some guy from fucking Detroit.
And what you want to do is go up to some Italian dude and find out where the
fuck he eats.
That's basically what we had been doing.
And um,
it's been absolutely,
uh,
it's been amazing.
It's been amazing.
So if you're listening to this thing and you always want to come to Italy,
how about the next time the ghost of Steve jobs comes out with a new phone or
some other Douche bags?
Make another phone.
Why don't you say fuck that phone?
My phone still works.
I don't need that phone.
I can still text.
I can still talk.
I will save the money.
I'm going to spend on that fucking $300 a hunk of shit that's not going to be
worth anything.
It's four months when the next one comes out.
Um,
and just save up for a plane ticket and get your ass over here.
Fucking stay in a cardboard box.
Do whatever you gotta do.
I wish I didn't wait until I was 45 to come over here,
but still it's been a,
it's been awesome,
but it ain't that bad.
I got to do is just get your ass over here.
Um,
I brought the lovely kneel with me and um,
one of my goals in life was I always wanted to fly,
you know,
first class where,
you go up those,
those,
the staircases,
you know,
they have like the hump,
the front of the plane.
So I used a bunch of miles and I made sure that we fly business class and uh,
when we were flying Air France
and when we got to the airport is one of those fucking double decker planes,
the a 300.
And uh,
and I'm sitting there looking at my ticket and instead I was like,
we were in 63 a and B and I was like,
you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I thought we were in business class.
They used all these miles.
You know what?
I'm flipping the fuck out and everything.
It turns out we were in business class,
we were just in business class upstairs,
so they already went through one through 60 downstairs.
So we were like row three upstairs and it was a,
they had to jet ways.
We come walking down,
they're like,
no sir,
you're on the upper upper deck,
so fucking site.
So we come in there
and were upstairs on an airplane.
You know what it looked just like downstairs.
Just look like a fucking plane.
But it was still cool and we went up there and I'm going,
Oh man,
look at those nice business class.
They can fold down.
I can lay down,
this is going to be great.
Watching all the movies and everything.
And then all of a sudden there was this fucking ungodly God damn fucking smell.
You know New York City body odor.
Stinken fucking smell upstairs in business class on an international fucking
plane.
Yeah.
I'm like,
what the fuck is that smell?
Right?
Two words,
Air France.
Okay.
All right.
The keyword is not air there.
It's certainly not fresh air.
Air France,
this fucking French dude.
Okay.
Now I'm not coming down on all the Frenchies here,
but I discovered where the stereotype came from in this one passenger.
All right.
I now understand pepe Le Pew.
Good fucking Lord with his fucking tight ass God damn shirt.
This guy,
I swear to God,
arms at his side.
He looked like a guy wearing a shirt that didn't fit.
Okay.
Sticking his fucking suitcase up into the overhead compartment.
It was like you were in the back of a cab in New York City in July with no
fucking air conditioning.
I couldn't,
I couldn't fucking believe it.
I couldn't believe it.
He kept forgetting shit and going back up.
And every time that that stink was starting to go away,
um,
he'd have to reach up and get something.
So of course,
you know me,
I am by no means master of my emotions.
So I'm looking over at the lovely Nia who's just taking it in stride.
Granted,
she also has the window seat.
I have the aisle,
so I'm right next to fucking stinky Lapu over there.
And I'm like,
do you fucking believe this?
You fucking place fucking spent all his fucking money,
fucking fuck fucking business class,
fucking fuck,
fuck,
fuck.
And she's just like,
it's okay.
He'll get his comb or whatever and he'll sit down and that's what happened.
He sat down and eventually that's fucking smell went away.
But Jesus Christ,
it's fucking unreal,
man.
You know,
and all you hear about when you go to Paris is what countries they are and how
they treat everybody like shit.
And I thought,
all right,
that's that ignorant American thing,
right?
But last night I was in an Irish pub.
Hilarious.
I'm in Rome,
I'm in an Irish pub
because I have to be honest with you,
like I love Italian food,
but you can't fucking,
I've realized you eat it four days in a fucking row.
All right.
I got off the posts,
come out my fucking A's over the,
um,
I just needed an where we walked by this,
uh,
this great strip of our stores and all that type of shit.
And,
and Nia happened to look in and there was hockey on,
like the flyers game was on.
And she immediately was like,
oh,
Bill,
I know you're going in there.
And of course I went in there and then of course,
two seconds later I met some guy from Boston and we're sitting there talking
about when the pats game is going to come on.
It was just,
it was fucking great,
you know,
so it was like,
it was basically,
it was heaven.
I was in the sports bar and watch the Bruins,
Celtics or the Patriots depending on who was playing obviously.
And then I stepped out and I was in fucking Rome and right across the way was
one of the best pizza places in Rome.
Had this ridiculous align and I had gotten there early.
That's the place where I ate it there twice,
already ate there once.
And then yesterday I had there twice.
And right now,
um,
after getting myself into great shape,
I now look like,
um,
uh,
maybe two weeks ago I had a baby.
I have a lot of baby fat on me right now.
Um,
post-pregnancy Pooch.
I ever cut belly,
everybody,
I'm not going to lie to you,
um,
that it's disgusting.
And right next door was this gelato place.
So I was eating pizza and then I was going and getting gelato and then I was
coming in and I was drinking fucking,
uh,
McCowen.
And uh,
it was just the best time ever.
So there was this Italian guy in there and he's watching the soccer and I'm
watching the Patriots and a,
so we ended up starting to talk,
he couldn't really speak English.
I can barely speak three words of Italian,
but I did know some Spanish.
So we were kind of the middle ground with Spanish.
So we will kind of communicating was fully cool using English,
Spanish and Italian and our eyes.
But anyways,
I'm talking to him and I was saying I'll,
Italian seemed a little easier to pick up than Spanish because Spanish goes by.
They,
they speak so quickly.
And with the Italian it's like every like third word,
they draw it up at that,
but that blah,
blah blah.
So they kind of slow it down for you,
you know?
And he was laughing,
he was saying how he also like the French speaking French,
but he didn't like French people.
And I was like,
did they treat you like shit too?
And he was like,
yes.
See.
And it's just like wow.
Just in general,
they just kind of cuts to everyone,
which is confusing and fucking hilarious to me all at the same time.
Um,
I dunno what,
what is their problem over there?
All I know is I can't wait to go there.
And my dream has always been to be totally fluent and be able to speak French
and go to Paris and then just sit there and listen to them say a bunch of
horrific shit about me.
Not realizing I understood every word.
Isn't that a weird dream?
And then a weird motivation,
you know,
to learn how to speak the language.
Does anybody listen to this thing?
Preferably some,
uh,
some hottie they can put on a French maid's outfit and teach me the language
because I would show up for every class.
Cause other than that I just can't seem to,
uh,
I just can't seem to fucking dedicate myself to it.
So,
um,
okay.
Anyways,
I hope this is sound and I write,
I'm trying not to move to record it too much.
So anyway,
so we,
we uh,
we land in Charles de Gaulle airport and as we're coming in on the left side of
the,
uh,
of the plane,
but we saw a little bit of Paris,
which is really exciting and really cool cause he always wanting to go there.
So she was acting like a little kid,
which was great.
And um,
we land
okay.
And we're all excited thinking,
okay now we're only in like another hour and a half,
whatever hour and 10 minute flight from Rome.
And then of course there was that ungodly fucking smell of that French fuck with
his fucking yellow shirt is yellow button down.
Okay.
Oh I was,
I was really looking at the guy like how the fuck have you managed in life to be
able to get into business class here,
smelling the way you do.
Okay.
I've had to jump around like a monkey and I would many layers of deodorant to
get where the fuck I am to be sitting next to you on this fucking plane.
How do you go into your board room?
How do you run your cult?
How sell your fucking widgets?
Smelling like that?
You just walk into your place of business with your hands plunged into your
slacks,
like fucking pockets.
That's the only God damn way.
[inaudible] I know I'm an angry guy,
but I'm just saying this guy smelled so bad.
Like,
like I was actually,
I had rage.
Okay.
I just slapped him with a glove.
You want normally do.
Next time I'm bringing a white glove.
When I go to Paris and when somebody treats me rudely,
I'm just going to slap him in the face with that glove.
And you know what?
I don't think they're going to do anything.
Okay.
I in general do not have fear of waiters in Paris even though I've never been
there.
No watch to probably a bunch of fucking mixed martial artists.
Not only will I get treated like shit by some non perfume wherein countries also
going,
do they even body slam you?
Hey,
I know I'm,
uh,
I,
this video came out in 2007,
but did you ever see that video where that wrapper acorn has that?
He say his name,
he's doing a show and somebody threw something at him and he's like,
who was it?
Point them out.
Bring them up here.
And as they bring this fucking kid up,
this nerdy,
I think it was an Asian Asian dude,
I don't know what.
But as he pulls the kid up on the stage in one move,
oh by the way,
he's taken off his does Jesus peace and his wife beater.
So now he's just standing there shredded and it's oversized jeans.
Any polls,
this kid up on stage and in one move puts this kit up over his head,
like fucking Tony Atlas and then throws him into the crowd
and the dude just lands on some girl.
It was the funniest shit.
Like,
do you know bad?
I would love to do that to a heckler.
You know,
take off my fucking,
my buttoned down,
standing there with my blinding Alabaster fucking shirt with my little my torso,
with my cunt belly.
And just pick somebody up over my head and just throw him into the crowd.
Don't,
it was like marvel comics.
The only thing missing is,
is he didn't go through the kid didn't go through a brick building.
Um,
I dunno what happened and I don't want to encourage anybody to take any sort of
action,
but I can't imagine if his accountant or his lawyer was in the crowd while
watching them do that.
They just must have just been like,
yeah,
well that's the end of my salary.
It's like we're not having Christmas this year.
Um,
I'll post that video.
You can just search for it by the end of this podcast.
I'm sure you've already found it,
you know,
58 different places.
But,
um,
and the has showed me that when,
you know,
we were getting acclimated to the time over here at like two in the fucking
morning.
We were both wide awake and she showed me that and God damn it,
that made me laugh.
That really made me laugh.
Um,
okay,
who the fuck does the show and does crowd control?
And I wonder,
that guy is so much fucking money.
Um,
he's wearing a lot of hats.
So anyways,
what am I up to here?
I'm gonna have to advertise it here in a second.
So when we finally a
sneaky French guy gets off the fucking plane,
we get off the plane and uh,
and was the weirdest thing.
We were connecting in Paris so I just thought we would just go connect but we
don't,
we had to go through security again already went through security to get on the
fucking plane and now they want us to go through security again.
And I'm like laughing and near like what do you think they,
I fucking somehow,
you know,
made a gun on the plane,
like fashion something out of,
out of the seat back.
Trey,
why are we doing this again?
And so we're trying to go through and I got to tell you something about French
people.
They asked some cutten sons of bitches,
if you even remotely aren't on your game,
they'll try to pass you in the corners.
Like Formula One racing.
Like when you're just standing there going through the zig zag maze when you
tried to deal with these fucking people.
Okay.
And this one guy loves doing it so bad.
Nia finally just goes,
excuse me.
And I was like,
yeah,
dude,
what's your,
I go,
yeah dude,
what's your problem?
To some French guy.
And then I had to like stare him down.
Um,
this was standing into this fucking line.
It's going like half a mile an hour,
right?
So we finally get through the shit
and then we get on the,
uh,
the Italian,
you know,
airlines and went,
we're flying there you go over the fucking Swiss Alps.
It's insane.
And then we land in Rome and it's the funniest shit ever.
Like we're landing in Rome.
They never gave us anything to fill out.
There was no,
what are you bringing into the country?
There was nothing.
Yup.
We go to the airport.
There was no,
there was nothing.
They didn't check as sin.
You just cut off.
Like I was getting off at Logan Airport was hilarious.
So,
um,
we get in the cab and as we're going into Rome,
I got to tell you something,
these people on these scooters over here,
okay.
I,
I don't,
they might be the greatest writers on scooters.
I don't know if he can respect that,
but like we would be going around a turn and they would be like six of them in a
row on our side of the road,
on the other side of the double line going around traffic on their side.
And my driver never slowed down and the guys in the scooter never slowed down.
And at the last second they would pinch in to the double line.
And as we went flying by him without a care in the world,
like centipede is what the video is like,
like a video game.
And uh,
I've kind of noticed that over had these fucking drivers are amazing.
It's like the way people drive in Boston,
like that level of aggressiveness,
except I've yet to see an accident and a,
it even says in the little touristy book that if you're standing in the
crosswalk,
if you want to get across,
you have to make the first move because they don't slow down.
So it's yet another reason why I'm having the,
uh,
the time of my life over here.
And,
uh,
and then this Irish pub has just been this a waste.
It's like I just go on.
I,
I saw the Spanish stairs,
I went to the Colosseum and his mom's coming over here.
So I didn't do any of the tours of any place yet.
But,
uh,
I did just go over to look at the coliseum and it's just,
it's just insane.
You guys got to do it.
Okay.
Fuck.
I iPads,
fuck phones,
flatscreen TVs and all of that shit.
Just,
I mean,
come over here when no one wants to come over here cause it's fucking cold over
here by the way.
Um,
which is a little bit of a disappointment,
but,
uh,
if some reason I just thought it was,
you know,
down to the Mediterranean Sea,
I just kept thinking,
God father to right.
We'd be out in the country and,
you know,
meet some,
gorgeous woman and she'd go off to start my rental car and it would blow up.
Then I would cry.
And you know,
Nia would comfort me and say that the threesome was over.
You know,
I had my drinks,
but it came over here
and it was cold.
It's been cold,
but
seriously,
um,
it's not that big a deal to come over here for forever.
I never,
I dunno,
Europe,
Eva,
I just seem like a zillion miles away.
It was like,
Ooh,
little little full could do it.
Uh,
if you're not married,
you don't have any fucking kids,
there's nothing stopping you other than buying those stupid things down at the
fucking ice store.
Um,
and with that,
let's,
uh,
let's try and make some money
with some advertising.
Uh,
the man,
great.
Everybody,
it's that time of year again.
Uh,
this holiday season,
think the man great.
What is the man great you may ask.
They are 100% made in America.
Cast iron grilling grades that are revolutionizing the way people grill names.
One of 2012 best grilling accessories by men's health magazine.
Man,
greats are the perfect gift this holiday season.
Click on the man.
Great man.
Great banner.
Uh,
son of a gun.
I was killing it.
Click on the man.
Great Banner billboard.com at [inaudible] dot com it's what it should have said
for the 1999 holiday special.
Remember each Monday morning podcast or to comes with a heavy duty grilling
brush.
Again,
that's the man.
Great grilling enhancement system.
Order today at [inaudible] Dot Com
oh,
that was all right.
What was that?
Two two over.
Okay.
I'm going to nail this one.
Sound like I don't read this one every week.
Okay.
Dollar Shave Club.
Everybody knows the deal.
Bill,
you've read this copy is a Zillion fucking times for once in your life.
Okay.
Be Tom Brady.
Don't be Eli Manning,
not Eli.
Sorry Peyton manning.
Don't throw a pick six to lose the Superbowl.
All right.
Dollar Shave club everyone.
For a couple of bucks a month.
Dollar Shave club.com delivers amazing quality razors right to your door.
Not only does it save you a ton of cash,
it saves you from trudging.
You're pathetic ass down to the drugstore for a pack of blades.
I don't know about you,
but I always get stuck behind the old people,
right?
Trying to buy ice cream,
developing photos,
possibly the junky asking for change.
You know they got 15 cash registers,
but there's only one person working the whole nine yards.
You can eliminate all of that from your life.
All right,
now with dollar shave club for just a couple of bucks a month,
amazing quality razor blades are delivered right to your door.
That's right.
No more wasting your time.
No more getting hit for 20 bucks every time you buy razors.
Everybody here meaning me is getting that dollar shave club blades and you know
what?
You should too.
And here's a genius idea.
Try replacing your old shaving cream with doctor Gavi,
Dr Carver's,
easy shave butter from dollar shave club.com trust me,
your face will thank you later.
Don't waste time at the drug store behind the lady in pink with don't waste time
at the drug store behind the lady paying and Penny's.
Go to dollar shave club.com forward slash bar or go to [inaudible] dot com and
click on the dollar shave club banner.
Keep your stress level low and your bank account Balance High Shave,
shave money.
Got a dollar Shave club.com dollar shave club.com forward slash spur oh man,
why does that screw me up every week?
Dollar Shave club.com forward slash he got our ava ash all in the same fucking
sentence.
That's it for me.
A Hulu plus everybody.
You have probably tried hulu.com now with Hulu plus,
you can watch your favorite shows anytime,
anywhere.
Hulu plus let you watch thousands of hit TV shows and a selection of a claim.
Movies on your television or on the go with your smart phone or tablet and it
all streams in HD for the best viewing experience possible with Hulu plus.
You can watch your favorite current TV shows like SNL community and family guy.
You can also check out exclusive content including Hulu originals,
like the awesome starting Snl,
Sef bias and move boy starting Chris O'Dowd from bridesmaids.
Hulu plus also offers a great selection of a claim films for only seven 99 a
month.
You can stream as many TV shows and movies as you want,
wherever you want right now.
You can try Hulu plus for free for two weeks.
When you go to Hulu plus.com/bill that's a special offer for my listeners.
Make sure you use Hulu plus.com/pill so you can get the extended free trial and
they know that we sent you,
go to Hulu plus.com/bill now or click the Hulu plus banner on the podcast page
at [inaudible] dot com all right,
that was a perfect fucking read.
Go Fuck Yourself.
All right,
back to the podcast.
Finally it finally happened.
Um,
so anyways,
Nina's mom's is here,
so today we're actually going to go over to the Vatican,
uh,
and you,
it was fucking hilarious like the other day and he was going like,
all right,
the pope's coming out is going to give mass at noon and I'm telling you like I
look out my window and I can see the wall.
I can't,
I get to walk down the street,
go around the corner,
but from basically I could see the wall
that surrounds the Vatican.
So she's goes,
you want to go down there?
I'm like,
yeah,
I want to,
I'll go down there.
It's the fucking pope.
I see Elvis Caprice.
I got to go down and go see this guy and I dunno.
Then I was laying in bed the next morning I was like,
I don't want to cook but fucking go down there for what?
After all the shit that they've done.
Like that's the place right there behind those walls where they were like,
alright,
there's people fucking boys.
How are we going to handle this?
And they did what they did.
Like,
why am I going to go down there?
I was like,
you know what,
fuck it.
But I do want to see that painting with as a person reaching out,
touching the other person,
like the tea thing and they're sort of,
you know,
you ever walked down the street with a male friend of yours and your hands
accidentally kind of graze one another,
you know,
that awful creepy feeling with somebody painted that on a ceiling.
Yeah.
So,
and you know,
it's funny right now the amount of people that actually know the name of that
and the artists and for some they feel that that means that they're smarter than
me.
You know,
I don't think it does.
Who wrote that?
Was that Michelangelo?
Michelangelo?
Was it the count of Monte Cristo?
Christoph?
Maybe
she read that book too.
Um,
yeah,
we've gone into a couple of churches,
old churches here and I just,
I just don't like it.
I don't like the whole,
I don't like the fucking mood they put you in.
Like why do they have to make you so scared of dying and the afterlife,
he can walk in and they got the candles.
It's all quiet.
Why is it so fucking quiet?
Is God always taken a God damn nap?
Is he ever in a good mood?
I feel like he's some overbearing father and it's dad's home.
Have you been quiet?
Dad's home.
I,
I absolutely fucking hate churches.
I can't stand up a fucking one to two of them because I want to go in there and
appreciate the fucking architect shift.
And I go in there and I immediately resent the fucking mood.
They tried to put me in this hat and hand.
Oh my God.
Am I living my life the right way is the invisible thing upset with me and
creepy as church music.
Ha ha ha.
[inaudible]
okay.
La Boz,
all ba a,
they just sitting there and people coming in and getting out of that fucking
knees.
Okay.
They make you do that at Walmart?
No.
Well there you go.
If you can't do the math on that,
I can um,
for whatever.
And He,
his mom goes to church.
She's a good person.
So we're going to go over there today and tomorrow we're going to go to the
Colosseum.
And those are the two tours de things that I'm doing.
Because other than that,
all that touristy shit,
he can take it,
turn it up sideways and shoved straight up you fucking candy ass.
Cause I'm not doing it.
I'm done with all of that shit.
Stonehenge.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I'd guide.
Look at that.
You know what I like about Stonehedge?
She can like drive by it and see it.
I'm not getting on a fucking plane for 15 goddamn hours next to some smelly
French guy.
You know,
where every time he shifts in his seat,
I smell his fucking,
I dunno what the stress of his life.
I'm not doing that for 15 fucking hours and then to go stand in line.
I'm not doing it.
He built,
nobody's saying you have to do it.
Good.
Well,
I'm just making sure,
you know,
I'm not,
this is what you do when you,
when you're,
when you're fucking
okay,
here's some advice and I know you didn't ask for it.
This is unsolicited advice and God knows,
I love giving it out.
Um,
when you go on vacation with your fucking lady,
um,
you just gotta you gotta remember,
you don't really have anywhere to go.
So when they're walking really slowly and window shopping,
just know that they have in the time of their life and just slow down and look
in the fucking windows too.
Okay.
Just plunge your hands into your pockets and you know,
get your eyebrows up as high as you can get them and,
and whatever she says just to be like,
oh yeah,
yeah,
I can see that.
That is amazing.
She was in the best fucking mode.
I finally decided,
hey,
why don't I stop being an Asshole,
you know,
and stop walking 90 miles an hour to go look at where fucking Caesar's dipped
his balls in a river and just fucking slow down and let her go to all these
shops.
I finally think I realized that all these clothing stores over here for women is
like,
I dunno.
Okay.
I Dunno what,
like me going to the pro football hall of fame.
He's probably a bad example.
I don't know what it is,
but they absolutely love it.
And if you let them do it and you just go and you sit in that chair next to
another sad fucking man and just sit there and let them try on shit and look at
stuff they are having the time and they're fucking,
let's one of the smartest things I've ever done in my relationship for like the
first day.
All we did was just,
we went down the street that all,
all these great stores,
all these hit my stomach,
growling her,
all these fucking,
uh,
cool,
like,
oh,
you know,
I don't know women,
they go on,
on the Internet and these,
they make these clothes and there's only so many of them.
And then they run out and then somehow target gets some and then they go down
there when they fucking elbow each other and body slam each other and it's just
a fucking nightmare.
Like why don't they make an up close?
Um,
they just don't make enough.
They just deliberately make them hard to get and they get these women all out of
their fucking minds.
The next thing you know,
you got to go drive to a target.
On the other side of the four oh five to get something.
I don't know what.
So when they come over here,
they got all these fucking clothes that none of the bitches back in the states
can get.
See,
you just let them go in there and try this shit on.
You get him a couple,
two,
three things.
And you know what?
You're good.
You could even if you meet your good,
you know,
so that's my advice.
Do that.
And then next thing you know,
they're in such a good mood.
They walked by a fucking Irish bar and they go,
hey look,
they got the hockey game on.
I know you want to go in there,
you know,
a little give and take.
You guys probably already know this shit.
All right,
so maybe I'm not even saying this to you.
Maybe I'm just saying it for me.
So I fucking remember how not to be an asshole.
Um,
it'd be someone that you actually want to be on vacation with.
Uh,
anyways,
back to the podcast here.
So I was in that Irish pub and uh,
so they had on,
they had on a hockey game they had on soccer and then they had on this rugby
game and it was rugby.
Uh,
was it Australia versus somebody else?
And I gotta tell you,
man,
every time I come over here,
I'm more sold on rugby.
It's just a fucking,
it's just an awesome game.
And I really feel like it holds the solutions to NFL football.
If you're really going to talk about concussions and everything because
they just,
they lead with their shoulders.
You know what I mean?
Which I'm sure is how American football used to be.
You know,
back when they had the leather helmets
and you stuck a tee shirt on your shoulder,
that was the only pad you may be had,
like your leg with your fucking shoulder.
You didn't leave with your head.
Those helmets were the dumbest idea.
We ever fucking hat.
Every God damn week there's another fucking NFL player killing himself or
something.
It's terrible.
So anyways,
she can watch the game knowing that these guys are all going to have back and
knee problems and everything,
but you know,
that they're not going to fucking,
you know,
commit suicide through cops,
death by police,
you know,
that one or kill their whole family and then themselves because they weren't
Tracy from slamming their head into somebody else's head for the rest of the
time.
But,
uh,
it's a fucking awesome game.
And uh,
I dunno.
And then just the characters,
I don't know,
half the guys fucking just you looking at the faces to ride in their minds.
I was watching it.
The sound was down.
I didn't know what was going on.
And like every five minutes I would just laugh my ass off looking at some
fucking lunatic with long hair and a crazy mustache.
It's just was awesome.
Totally sold on that game.
And I know I've made fun of rugby on this podcast,
but it's never like I didn't respect the game.
The only reason why I did was because you fucking uninformed,
ignorant shitheads who don't watch American football.
That because American football players have on helmets that they're somehow not
as tough as rugby players.
All right,
so you put me in a defensive place.
I have to defend it.
All right,
you fucking cunts.
There you go.
Anyways,
plowing ahead.
Plowing ahead.
Um,
oh,
by the way,
I got to,
I have a book I want to recommend,
um,
Bobby or wrote a book.
Uh,
it's called my story and uh,
I'm just blowing through it over here cause I got a little bit of jet lag and I
got to tell you like the beginning of that book,
whether you're into sports are not a,
should be read at the very least,
just the beginning.
You have to at least read that it should be required reading for anybody who's
going to be a parent or anybody in life who wants to,
I dunno,
either maximize their own potential or not get in the way of other people
trying,
you know,
to develop whatever gift that they had.
And he was basically talking to,
you know,
if you don't know hockey,
whatever,
Bobby,
you are basically,
um,
he changed the game,
especially the,
the position of being a defenseman back in the day.
All the defenseman did when his team had the pop was basically skate up to the
Blue Line and just stop there.
And your whole goal was basically keep it in the offensive zone and not get
caught up ice.
And,
but Babi Yar was so fast,
he would actually go down,
crashed.
And that is first defenseman just score over a hundred points.
Just a ushered in the era of an offensive defenseman,
which was,
was,
was completely unheard of.
Um,
but when he started playing hockey,
he,
he was playing forward and he was playing defense and he kind of switched off.
And I dunno,
it just seemed like they naturally came together,
both aspects of playing,
you know,
both those positions.
But he was lucky enough to have a coach that didn't say like,
well,
now you're playing defense and this is how you play defense.
You played from here to here.
He actually let him create.
And,
um,
I dunno,
I saw a lot of parallels to that and the business that I was in that I'm in
where it's like,
um,
he was talking about how,
you know,
kids when they first started playing hockey should not be,
you should not be introduced to any sort of system of playing hockey until,
I don't know,
you like 50,
60,
whatever.
When you start getting old enough where you're going to actually play in a game,
that means something other than that you should just let kids create with the
puck.
And it,
I dunno,
teaching a kid is basically a system when he's five years old is slowing down
the growth of the game I would think.
Um,
and there's a lot of the parallels like within standup we're like,
oh,
don't talk about this,
that isn't funny.
Or,
uh,
I don't know was people try to find their voice or whatever.
There's like all these fucking rules.
I Dunno,
I,
I tried to think of a,
of of actual spoken rule in comedy,
but were basically just through watching all this other people doing stand up.
You kind of get these ideas of like,
standup exists from here to right here.
It's the same like idea people had on being a defenseman and hockey.
I don't know as,
and I guess hopefully if you're an upcoming comic,
you're not working.
You're not opening for some content of a headliner who's telling you as you go
to do something that's outside of the realm of what they think is possible,
that they go,
no,
you should never do that.
You should never lean on the mic.
Stand with your left hand.
Always it on the right hand.
I Dunno.
Whatever.
You know what he wrote it.
You read it.
He's a genius.
I'm a moron.
It took me fucking 10 minutes to get to that fucking point.
I apologize.
Please do not judge the book on my rambling right there.
Um,
all right.
And we to the point here,
38 minutes and I've got to start reading some shit here.
Uh,
by the way,
the Patriots somehow one another one.
And although let up,
what would we let up?
31 points.
I was watching that Texans game and uh,
watching that game is why we're going to make the playoffs and also why we're
probably going to lose in the first round because anybody with a defense,
we're going to be in fucking trouble because we,
uh,
we have too many fork and injuries over there.
All right,
here we go.
Dubai.
Hey Belle,
I think you would do great in Dubai if you would do a show here.
Think about it.
Um,
I have thought about it and I've thought about some of the things that I talk
about and I've thought about how,
I don't know what the rules are in your country.
And I've thought about getting beheaded while I was on stage.
And I know most of that's probably ignorant because I've had friends who go over
there,
but when I pictured doing stand up in the Middle East,
I a picture a bunch of women in Burkas me walking up there going,
Hey lady,
why don't you show me what's under the rope there?
And then I immediately get grabbed by some sort of secret police and a,
then I'm in that orange jumpsuit rocking back and forth,
slowly preparing myself to get my head sought off.
Now I'm sure that doesn't happen,
but that's what I think of.
I would love to do it.
I'll fucking go over there.
Do you make shifts city with your tall ass build links?
Uh,
the tent city right outside of it where everybody built the city.
Isn't that how it goes?
And then Oprah goes there.
It's like there's no taxes.
There's no nothing.
This is a utopia.
Um,
did you ever see that when she goes to the happiest places on earth,
she went to someplace in the Middle East where they said there's no taxes and
everything's for free.
And she completely bought it.
Like if you're going to live that way,
that there wasn't then a group of people that you were just standing on top of
their fucking heads.
Yeah.
Cheese.
You know,
it's bad enough.
You pretending you're reading all of those God damn books and every,
every once in a while when the fucking wolf set the door,
you give away a bunch of fucking minivans to keep everybody at bay.
It's just,
you know,
unfucking believable,
um,
Panama and they have red,
big fan of the podcast and listening to it for the best part of 2013,
you mean for the better part of 2013 and it's really an inspiration and a relief
that there was angry people who react to shit like I do.
You should come.
You should come down to Panama.
Ah,
Jesus Christ.
Well,
what month can I go down there where I wouldn't just fucking IX fixie eight from
the heat.
You're telling a redhead,
I should come down to the goddamn equator.
Do what?
Catch malaria.
Um,
a big part of the population speaks English.
We were a US colony for a hundred years.
I know,
I remember that.
And then Jimmy Cata didn't he give you your freedom?
Also?
The expat,
uh,
Patriot community is huge.
A lot of pasty all balls rolling our beaches.
Oh,
okay.
The point is you would have an audience down here,
you would get,
you would get kidnapped down here.
It's too hot.
Oh,
you wouldn't,
she should say,
I think you were trying to say you wouldn't get kidnapped down here.
It's too hot down here for that.
And thugs don't have the energy.
Thanks to the podcast and go fuck yourself.
Um,
okay.
Oh,
what is that a dude down in Panama?
The only thing I know about Panama is the canal and how you guys dug it and
died.
And then we took the credit and then we own the Panama Canal.
That's what it was.
And I think Jimmy Carter finally turn it back over to you guys.
And uh,
and then Manuel Noriega.
And the only reason why I remember his name is because of that Sebastian Bach
story that I told you guys.
But if you new to the podcast,
I'll tell it really quickly.
When we were having a
issues with Manuel Noriega,
which if I read up,
I'm sure we put them in power and everything was cool.
And then he wanted to run more of his country.
And then we said he was a terrorist.
That's usually how it goes.
All right?
That's the dysfunctional relationship that we have with just about every
country.
If that isn't a first world country,
we're would like that guy who keeps picking the psycho chick,
Manuel Noriega,
Saddam Hussein.
We just keep picking the wrong person to stick into power that we can then use
as a puppet.
I think on our first date with our next dictator,
we really need to ask,
what is his relationship with his parents or his parents divorced?
Are they still together?
You know,
before we start making the same fucking mistakes again.
Um,
anyways,
plowing ahead.
You always wearing rubber manwell Noriega's fucking name is because I want you
to Aerosmith show,
uh,
New Year's Eve show at the Boston Garden and a December 31st,
1989,
I was a convicted drunk driver.
I wasn't convicted at that point was I was I waiting trial or by arraignment I
mean,
I just admitted guilty.
I mean,
I blew a fucking one nine.
There really was no case there.
Um,
anyways,
so I go to the thing and I'm stone sober,
skid row's opening up.
Okay.
And for some reasons,
Sebastian Bach decided to talk about world politics to a bunch of hair metal
moron people like me.
And,
uh,
and this is how we got into it.
He was wearing leather pants,
of course it was required.
And
he said,
hey man,
what's up with this man?
Well,
and he grabbed his dick and he goes,
suck my fucking burrito man.
And there was a pause and everybody cheered anything he just said something that
I think we should just knew this guy back to the fucking stone age man.
And every just goes,
everybody sharing some reason we thought he just summed up our fucking puff for
policy perfectly.
Uh,
but he's Canadian.
So it's nice to hear him sound as fucking ignorant as an American,
you know,
hey,
it's a,
it was my stomach growled.
I just realized,
I'm sort of hearing that in the background.
My stomach growling,
I got up earlier,
I got to do the podcast.
What do you want from me?
Go Fuck Yourself.
Uh,
and by the way,
I'm kind of shitting on America here.
I'm not acting as if any other country would handle their position of power and
you better than we have.
So fuck you and get off your high horse.
All right.
Smelly roommate,
Billy,
the schmuck will face.
Sure.
Meal.
Uh,
oh by the way,
uh,
somebody uh,
helped me with my Yeti.
Sheriff Schmuck is a grown man's penis.
A schmuck.
Ul is what a little kid has.
All right.
So when they're breaking each other's balls,
I guess they say you went on a date last night.
Did she touch your little schmuck over there?
Uh,
except they do it with more of a fucking Jackie Mason accent.
First off,
love to stand up and podcasts.
Looking forward to catching a you the next time you stop near Albany,
New York.
I'm a 25 year old guy living with the 26 year old male roommate.
Things are swell for the most part.
Swell with fucking year was this written,
but he has some interesting quirks.
Most of these are no big deal.
I live with tons of roommates and I know the deal.
Pick and choose your battles.
However,
his stinky ass towel is starting to become an issue and I'm not sure how to
confront him about it.
He owns one towel and he only washes it every four to five weeks or so of Jesus
Christ.
Okay?
Uh,
he showers every day.
Don't get me wrong.
Uh,
but you do the math.
The thing is stiff is cardboard and smells like death.
Why would you do that?
Okay.
That's a fuck.
There's nothing worse than a dirty towel after you come out of a fucking shower.
You know,
you smelling like fucking fruit toast,
whatever the hell bath,
body wash thing you're making,
they make it,
you know,
you put it on you,
right?
They have French sheet.
You put it on your specialty in your fucking arm pits,
maybe a glue the bottle sought in half and stick it on a both armpits pitch you
cunt.
Um,
and then he'd go out there and you take that dirty ass towel.
Then you smell like shit again.
Okay.
Oh,
okay.
That guy's an animal.
And he goes,
he goes,
it's to the point where you can smell the damn thing outside the bathroom.
I Dunno if he does,
doesn't have a good sense of smell or if he's just used to it.
How the fuck am I supposed to confront him about his amp,
abnormal towel practices without hurting his feelings and making things weird.
Thanks and have fun in Europe.
All right.
Wow.
Without hurting his feelings,
dude,
fuck his failings.
This is what you do.
Go to bed,
bath and beyond.
All right?
And just go buy him three cheap towels.
Okay?
And then call him into the bathroom and right before he gets there,
you're already have his old towel in the tub covered in lighter fluid and run.
Did you hear his footsteps coming around the corner?
You liked that towel on fire and you are sitting Indian style on the tank behind
the toilet.
And as he walks in,
just
go,
Whoa,
whoa,
whoa.
And Kevin Monk,
just get them in that.
Oh my God,
I'm in church.
I'm not worthy of being here as you burn his fucking towel and never say
anything.
Just be holding all three new towels.
And as she talks to you,
what are you doing?
Or the smoke alarms going off?
Just never break character.
Well,
ah,
ah ha ha ha.
Oh,
and just fucking
hand them the towels.
Okay.
And then never bring it up again.
He'll get the point.
Okay.
Do you want to go on more conventional group?
Want to go more conventional route?
Just say,
Hey,
uh,
this is what you do.
Your front end loaded with compliments,
you know?
Yeah.
I love the way you part your hair.
Even when you eat crunchy cereal,
it's not that loud.
And uh,
you know,
you like watching sports like me,
having said that,
boy,
you might want to go with,
however,
either way your index fingers should be up in the air pointing towards the
ceiling.
Not at him.
Don't be confrontational,
but do draw a line,
however,
finger up in the year,
you'll fucking bath towels.
Okay.
Just say what you told me.
It smells like death.
I can smell it on the other side of the door.
Okay.
It smells like the arm pits of a French guy upstairs on an airplane.
You're fucking Rick's.
You got a guy.
I,
if I,
you know,
what do I would buy him new towels?
I would buy new towels and I would do it.
I would burn his other tower.
Literally,
I would burn it,
burn it in the fucking driveway in the parking lot.
Like that fucking thing on fire.
Have a garden hose right there.
Make it safe.
Maybe some baking soda depending on what sort of lighter fluid to use.
All right.
I would burn that fucking,
yeah.
Thank you.
And just
that,
I mean,
the easiest way to do it is when he's not there,
you've just burned that.
If you don't,
if you sound like you don't like confrontation,
uh,
you got to
go quality of life here.
I would go quality of life.
Okay,
this guy,
Emmy,
you want,
you want the problem gone.
So I would burn his fucking towel and I would just have three other ones sitting
there ready for him to go and just say,
listen to every other week you got to do this,
man.
Okay.
Because not only does your towels smell like shit,
then you wipe it on yourself.
You're going to smell like shit,
and that's greatly going to affect the level of pussy that not only you're going
to get,
but I'm going to get,
because if we come,
if I bring a woman home and she comes in here and she smells that fucking towel
and she's thinking it's me,
or even if she doesn't,
she doesn't want that thing on our fucking upper lip.
All right?
You smell like ass despite the fact that you're showering every day.
It's not you.
It should towel.
It needs to be,
you just fucking burned the thing.
All right.
And a safe way.
Okay.
Do you accidentally burned down your apartment that's on you?
If he takes you to court,
is it going to take you to court over that?
I don't think he is.
I don't think he was he doing him a fucking favor.
Go to fucking target is one of those goddamn places and you just go by.
All right.
I'm gonna say the same thing over and over again.
That's,
I always fucking hated that shit about having roommates.
That whole guy thing where you fucking live like a God damn animal.
I've never understood that Latin dishes pile up and all that shit.
I never did that.
I W I,
I was clean.
My desk was always a fucking mess.
Come tax time.
I have receipts all over the fucking place,
but when it came to food and uh,
hygiene
plates,
trash being thrown out,
that stuff was all taken care of.
Alright.
Mike close might be all over the place.
All right.
But they were clean.
Alright.
Ruined the mood
dear Billy salmon skin.
Okay.
Ah,
that was a good one.
You fucking asshole.
All right.
Uh,
my boyfriend has been a fan of yours for a couple of years.
Okay.
Oh,
that was a lady saying that,
that makes it even funnier.
Look at you.
You're a hot shit in somebody can bag.
Yeah,
you're killing it on two fronts.
My boyfriend has been a fan of yours for a couple of years and yes,
I realized how sexist that was.
He introduced me to your comedy and podcasts the beginning of last year.
And since then I've been a fan.
We'd been living in different towns for the last,
uh,
the last couple of months.
Then I was finally able to go visit him for Thanksgiving.
It's been a long time and I needed to scratch my itch there.
So we're getting ready to get intimate and I tell him to play something because
we didn't want the roommates to hear us in the throes of passion.
And Lo and behold,
he turns on your podcast.
Oh my God,
that's fucking weird.
He goes,
he was 100% ready to do it with your voice in the background.
Needless to say,
my mood was killed.
Thank you,
Billy.
I don't,
I don't tell you to play it door and you love baking
Jesus Christ.
What do you want me to add?
You got to talk to him.
Okay.
Why does he want the sound of my voice going on in the background?
Does he have a crush on me or is he one of the few males who has the ability to
be laughing while coming at the same time?
But that's,
is those two emotions possible?
Yeah.
What would that orgasm sounded like?
I think it would sound a little sub line.
Louis eighties comedy.
Everybody.
I don't know what to tell you sweetheart.
Um,
I don't think that that's on me.
What do you want me to do?
You want me to chrome for you?
If you guys want to fuck to this podcast lady low,
your love is smoother.
That a baby's ass.
My lady low.
Uh,
that's actually Lou Rawls best song by the way,
Lady Luck.
I just butchered it.
Okay.
You know,
it's funny about back then when like pedophilia was really underground on the
ground.
Thanks.
The undergrounds.
Yeah.
Um,
okay.
So there's a lot of the,
uh,
a lot of the lyrics back then is my stomach fucking growls again.
A lot of the lyrics back then.
Like you couldn't get away with today.
Like I was in some fucking bar over here.
Yeah.
And I wasn't even thinking,
I was just singing along to the song before Neopharma goes.
All right.
That's creepy.
I think it's a,
it was Ringo Starr,
yours 16.
Your beautiful and Yo ma.
No,
not even thinking right.
I'm just listening to the melody.
Baba.
No.
Bullseye dot rd.
Yeah,
yeah.
Beautiful is yoga.
And she just goes,
all right,
that's creepy.
And I'm like,
yeah,
that is kinda creepy.
Singing about an underage girl under aged lady.
People sit there nowadays and they sing that fucking sweet Caroline.
I talked about that a Zillion fucking times.
He wrote that song about Caroline Kennedy when she was like 12.
Okay.
Hands touching hands,
reaching out,
touching you,
touching me.
Fucking creepy.
And if you listen to that Lou Rawls song,
lady love,
okay.
Something you'll,
you'll,
you'll love is softer than a baby's touch.
I know what he means,
but just,
you know who's getting though to catch a Predator ruined a lot of pop songs.
Um,
anyways,
let's plow ahead here.
stamps.com everybody with the holiday almost here,
you don't have time to go to the post office.
You're a busy mother fucker,
baby traffic parking.
It will be packed with everyone.
Mailing holiday gifts and packages.
So do what I do you stamps.com instead with stamps.com you can avoid the hassle
of going to the post office during the holiday season.
Everything you would do at the post office,
you can do right at your desk.
There's no point in going there anymore by him.
Print official US postage using your own computer and printer,
print postage for any letter or package.
The instant,
the instant you need it.
Then the mail man picks it up.
So easy and convenient.
I use stamps.com to send out all my t shirts,
my magnets.
All right,
nevermind magnets my tee shirts.
Uh,
by the way,
podcast t shirts are available.
I'm selling my stuff with them,
selling this,
buy DVDs,
my posters,
all of that and I'm a moron.
So if I can figure it out,
you can't do right now.
Get this special offer when you use my last name Burpee,
you are for a no risk trial plus $110 bonus offer that includes a digital scale
and up to $55 free postage.
Don't wait.
Go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
click on the banner,
the microphone@thetopofthehomepageandtypeinburrthatstamps.com enter bur bur are,
oh man,
I thought it was done is one more.
Jesus Christ he voice.
The holidays are coming.
And as a business owner,
you know what that means.
Crickets face it.
The next couple of months of the calm before the storm,
now's the time to do something that will dramatically help you.
And your 2014 what is it?
It's a voice.
He voices his simple technology that helps you to make more money with he voice.
He voices toll free or local numbers.
Call routing tools and a professional dial by name directory.
Your business will look like 1 million bucks with the voice.
You can take a call,
uh,
excuse me.
And with he voice,
if you can't take a call,
they will transcribe the voicemail and email it to you.
You'll never be caught off guard again.
He voiced has been saving companies thousands of dollars every month,
making them more efficient and more productive.
There's no quicker,
easy way to transfer your,
transform your business for 2014 and with the voice you can try it before you
buy it.
Right now you can get a free 30 day trial to he voice when you go to [inaudible]
dot com slash bill burr or go to [inaudible] dot com and click on the voice
banner.
That's he voiced.com/bill burr or bill bird.com and click on the evo spanner.
Alrighty.
Now's the time to take charge of your business and prepare for your product
productive 2014 do it now,
please.
All right.
New banker scan.
Oh by the way,
the podcast tee shirts have been flying off the shelf.
So I want to thank you guys for uh,
helping me clear up my garage.
I was getting nervous whenever I have anything new to sell that nobody's going
to buy it and then what am I going to do with it?
Huh?
Send it back to Honduras.
New banker scam a day.
Billy suppos.
Supposedly the housing market is on the rise again,
but the reasons for it aren't being told.
Big banks are buying up tons of homes across the country in cash with the intent
to rent them out.
Not so bad.
It's you realize that they're going to take those rental payments,
group them together as a security and sell them to investors just like they did
with the mortgage securities that tank the economy.
So they basically made millions of people homeless so they could buy back these
houses cheaper and then rent them back to us at prices.
That will probably rise over time because they own the houses outright.
Uh,
when will it end?
Here's the link to the article.
Well,
I hope that explains,
I don't understand what a security is.
I don't even know what the fuck that is.
MMM.
All I know is that every dime that I have goes extra goes to Monday principal on
my house.
Uh,
and that's the way you should do it.
If you're a youngster in you haven't bought a house,
Shit,
don't buy something where you can just make the payment by something.
We can knock down the principal because banks,
they do own everything.
And even when I pay off my house,
um,
just to put stomach,
even when I pay off my house,
uh,
even then it's just a matter of time before they own it again.
They just waiting for me to die and then they're going to get it back again.
It's,
it's awful.
They own everything.
They fucking own everything.
He goes.
Anyways,
just want to let you know,
uh,
you've helped me through a lot in my life and I can't thank you enough.
Thanks for doing what you do and go fuck yourself.
No worries.
Um,
all right,
well
if you guys want to read more about this banking thing,
it's www.motherjones.com/politics/ 2013.
It's the backslash by the way.
Uh,
back slash 11 back slash Wall Street dash buying dash foreclose dash homes,
or we could just put the link up for you,
um,
aging.
Okay.
All right.
I gotta I gotta wrap this up.
People are supposed to go to the fucking touristy thing here.
Uh,
aging dear bill.
Okay.
[inaudible] all right.
I'm 43 years old and people tell me that I look like I'm in my early thirties.
I don't really care much but think about it,
but I am writing to you about it.
So obviously I do.
I added that part.
He said,
but everyone now and then my friends telling me I should be taking advantage of
it.
I don't really know what that means.
I'm single and I date here and there.
Should I be looking for young tail?
Jesus Christ.
They have to spell it out for you apps.
A fucking lutely go get yourself a Letterman sweater.
Maybe you look like you're 22.
[inaudible] the fuck is wrong with you.
You know what?
You were raised right?
Or where are you?
You're 43 and single.
That means you're a psycho like me.
Uh,
is that what the kids call it?
Young tail.
Should I show up to an arcade fire concert in skinny jeans and live tweet the
concert?
How do I take advantage of looking and feeling young?
Dude,
you don't want to do that.
Look,
you're 43 if you want to bang a 30 year old,
by all means go away.
Go Away.
You know what?
Fuck,
whatever you want to fuck.
Who am I to tell you what you should bag?
I always just had a number that I couldn't go below and as I got older,
that number one higher and that's Jason's just basically,
okay,
what it was and I really think you were a fucking creep.
If you're 38 and you can fuck a 22 year olds,
you're a fucking creep.
All right?
You get 38 I would,
I wouldn't go younger than 26.
26 is starting to get weird.
What are you going to talk about?
So what do Ya,
you got?
You're going to go to graduate school.
You know what?
You're getting your fucking prostate checked.
Uh,
how'd he take advantage of looking and feeling?
I don't know.
Just be glad you got great genes.
Go out there and try to find love.
All right sir.
Don't listen to your dumb ass friends.
You should be out there fucking 18 year olds.
That's what I do.
I'm a miserable married guy.
All right,
here's the wrap up,
everybody.
That's a podcast for this week.
Um,
I'm very excited.
The European tours.
Finally here.
I want to thank everybody in Rome,
Italy for a living your lives the way you do when you're wonderful food and all
that.
I'm definitely coming back.
I fucking love this place.
And uh,
I'm actually looking forward to going to France one day,
even though that guy smelled in.
Everybody says they treat you rudely.
I still want to go.
Um,
but uh,
yeah,
and thank you to everybody who bought tickets so I could actually afford to
fucking come here and eat some pizza and get some heartburn,
you know,
walk around and go into creepy churches and all that.
I'm not even joking,
man.
I really appreciate it.
So,
uh,
my tour starts,
when does it start?
It starts on Wednesday.
I'm in Glasgow and after Glasgow can hear me opening my phone,
trying to check the dates.
Here it goes.
Wednesday.
I'm in Glasgow,
December 4th December 5th I'm in Amsterdam for two days by myself.
What am I going to do there?
Jesus Christ pot brownies and whores in the windows.
I'm the seventh and eighth the weekend I'm in London on the ninth I'm in Dublin
on the 10th I'm in Helsinki on the 11th I'm in Copenhagen on the 12th I am in
Oslow the 13th I'm in Stockholm and then the 14th and 15th I wrap it up in
Reykjavik,
Iceland and then I come home.
I'll fucking jetlagged with frostbite.
All right.
I'm looking forward to telling you guys all the stories.
Next week my podcast will be from London and the final week after that it'll be
in Reykjavik,
Iceland.
Alright.
Traveling the world,
not having any guests,
living an unexamined life.
I'm bill burr.
This has been the podcast.
Go fuck yourselves.
Have a great week and now that the show's over,
don't forget to sign up for your free trial of Hulu.
Plus,
once again,
Hulu plus lets you binge on thousands of hit shows anytime,
anywhere,
and your TD PC,
smartphone,
or tablet support this podcast and get an extended free trial of Hulu.
Plus when you go to the podcast page at [inaudible] Dot Com and click the Hulu
Banner,
uh,
Hulu plus banner,
excuse me,
a billboard.com and click the Hulu plus banner.
Make sure that's clear or go to Hulu plus.com/bill that's Hulu plus.com/bill.
Once again,
avid.
Great.
We can go fuck yourself.